First Round: level was Easy
1)Verbal
2)Quant
3)Reasoning
4)Coding 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Technical round:(They were not insterested in java they only wanted FrontEnd)
what is JS and Node js and why we use it? 
Load balancing in Node js and which inbuilt modules are there??
Exception handling in java
what is map in java Script
difference between let,var and const 
what is multithreading in java and why it is not in js?
what is compiler and intepretor?
what is angular??
what is single page application?
decorators,components,directive in angular with example
how can we pass data from one component to other in angular
what is advantage of Angular over js
If we want to filter data then what can we use in angular?
which angular version you have used and what is new in that version?
what is MVC?
Basic question of core java like try ,catch,finally,string pool .
Which annotation is required to create Service in angular.
collection vs collections in java and what is difference between collection methods and collections method.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hr round:
Introduce yourself
Hobbies and discussion on that
strengths and weekness(she asked me for weekness)
Some tough situation how will i manage



Again One Technical Round:
diff between == and ===operator
diff between null and undefined
how can we create object in JS
what is node js
what is closure
what is promise in java script
what is observable
what is DOM
how can we create class in js in ECMA Script 6 
what is function constructor
lifecycle in angular(hook up method)
type of boolean operators
Suppose there is one button and and there are many function assigned to it when user click on that button so which function will call and which problem we will face how can you solve??
modules in java script 
what is observable and how can we use ?can we cancel observable
what is lazy loading and by default modules are lazy or eager and how can we create??
can we create private constructor in JAVA as well as in JS and what is the need ,real time example
what is callback function where we use it??scenario
How can we access the parent element (not include space,tab,br,hr)
How can we check type of variable
difference betn Var and const
Name of compiler which is used for transpiling and what is need of transpiling
can we create child route and how??
what is rest parameter
what is garbage collection in java and object gets garbage collected what about reference??
can you create object in js?? if yes then , is it there any GC in js??
Tell me parent object in javascript
what is ECMA Script
suppose if we want to prevent user to access the path or route then what can be used??
how angular works and what is bootstrap module and then again he asked component and directives
property decorators??
how hook up method works and how component gets instantiated
Angular uses typescript so what is main advantage of it??
Have you heard about any declarative UI
if you are comfortable in java and knows java well so why u want to join us as only front end is there and then i said that i am also interesting in web devlopement as i have done lots of mini project in JS ,then he asked me  about that project ..




 
