																					DATE:20/02/2021

1st Technical Interview Round:

A sentence is made up of a group of words. Each word is a sequence of letters, ('a'-'z', 'A'-'Z'), that may
contain one or more hyphens and may end in a punctuation mark: period (.), comma (,), question mark (?),
or exclamation point (!). Words will be separated by one or more white space characters. Hyphens join two
words into one and should be retained while the other punctuation marks should be stripped. Determine
the number of words in a given sentence.
Example
s = 'How many eggs are in a half-dozen, 13?'
The list of words in the string is ['How', 'many', 'eggs', 'are', in', 'a', 'half-dozen'] and the number of words is
7. Notice that the numeric string, '13', is not a word because it is not within the allowed character set.
Function Description
Complete the function howMany in the editor below.

public static int howMany(String sentence) 
{

}


2.find the number at 3rd place in given 6 digit num.
123456.


3.Explain the Oops Concept with real life example.

4.Expalin Your Project and your role in that detailed one.

5.Find the middle term in Linked link list both singly and doubly linked list.

6.Detect the loop in Linked list if any there.

7.What is Linear and non Linear Data Structure.

8.Explain Stack and queue with example.

9.what will be output of following statements:
                                        
System.out.println("hello"+30+20)   
System.out.println(30+20+"hello")  
System.out.println("hello"+30*20)  
System.out.println(30*20+"hello") 

10.What are the types Of Command in Sql.
11.What is Normalization?
12.What is need of that?
13.Explain the types of Normalization.
14.Explain the Joins in Sql.
15.Some sql basic queries.
16.Explain Access Specifiers in Java
17.what is Interface in java



2nd Technical Interview Round:

1.Introduce Yourself.
2.Expalin Accedemic Projects and your role in brief.
3.Write Program the 5th Element in the Linked list having 7 nodes.
4.Write Program to Reverse the Linked List.
5.What are the Storage classes.
6.Expalin is Memmory mapping.
7.What is Thread ?Expalin it and how to create it,both in java and Linux.
8.What is Virtual Funtion.
9.Write a Program to explain Virtual Funtion working.
10.What are the inheritence types in Cpp and Java and explain in one line.
Two Puzzles:
1.Two fathers and two sons go fishing together in the same boat. They all catch a fish but the total catch for the day is three fish. How is this possible?

2.You have got two candles and each candle will burn for half  an hour. You are put in dark room with a match stick. You have to measure exactly 45 minutes and come out of the room.
 









